= 1.0.6

* Fixed a fairly complex issue with autoregistration and directed identity (as in Google and Yahoo OpenID).  
* Added support for OpenID/OAuth Hybrid model extension:

  http://wiki.openid.net/OpenID-and-OAuth-Hybrid-Extension
  
  Note this currently requires patched versions of the ruby-openid gem and the open_id_authentication plugin:
  
  gem install pelle-ruby-openid # http://github.com/pelle/ruby-openid
  gem install pelle-open_id_authentication # http://github.com/pelle/open_id_authentication
  
  The rails open_id_authentication is normally installed in vendor/plugin, update that or add the above as a gem plugin.
  
  Adding this requires you to switch it on in your acts_as_authentic configuration block:
  
    acts_as_authentic do |c|
      c.openid_oauth = true
    end
  
  Then it needs to know which when to send an OAuth Consumer key along. Override openid_oauth_consumer in your User model:
  
    def openid_oauth_consumer
      if openid_identifier=~/^https?:\/\/www\.google\./
        return {:consumer=>'mydomain.com',:scope=>'http://www.google.com/m8/feeds/'}
      elsif openid_identifier=~/yahoo.com/
        return {:consumer=>"YOUR YAHOO CONSUMER"}
      end
    end
    
  You will receive a request_token that you need to exchange for an OAuth AccessToken:
  
    def exchange_oauth_tokens
      return unless @request_token
      if openid_identifier=~/^https?:\/\/www\.google\./
        GoogleToken.create_from_request_token(self,@request_token,'','')
      end
    end
  
* Added an openid_options configuration item for acts_as_authentic to pass arbitrary values along to the open_id_authentication plugin.

= 1.0.5 released 2009-6-18

* Added support for autoregistration

== 1.0.4 released 2009-5-14

* Only authenticate with OpenID for models when a block is passed.
* Check for the existence of an openid_identifier field before including the model. Allowing this library to only be activated when present.
* Change required_field and optional_fields to openid_required_field and openid_optional_fields

== 1.0.3 released 2009-4-3

* Added find_by_openid_identifier config option for AuthlogicOpenid::Session.
* Set the openid_identifier by the one passed back by the provider in AuthlogicOpenid::ActsAsAuthentic.
* Added required_fields and optional_fields config options for AuthlogicOpenid::ActsAsAuthentic.
* Added map_openid_registration, attributes_to_save, and map_saved_attributes methods to customize how attributes are set for AuthlogicOpenid::ActsAsAuthentic.
* Make authenticating_with_openid? method a little more stringent to avoid trying to double authenticate. Ex: finding a session in the save block during a successful save.

== 1.0.2 released 2009-3-30

* Remove config block in initializer.

== 1.0.1 released 2009-3-30

* Change password validation option when included, and prepend the OpenID module.

== 1.0.0 released 2009-3-30

* Initial release